
In settings should be able specify what access Clients and employees roles should have in the app, in addition to the documents assigned to them below. 

In settings under workflow insert all workflows that are possible services offered at immigration and related services that can be offered by a lawyer or agency using the app. The workflows should have stages predefined, each stage listing documents and check lists required to pass the stage. For workflows relating to all immigration related services, prepopulate the workflows and PrePopulate documents with editable template(word/pdf compatible) for which standard template is published, like application forms, declarations etc., în settings-workflows. Also allow admins ability to add new workflows, stages under the new workflow, documents and checklists under each stage and stages/documents/checklists in existing workflows.Admin will by default also have access to upload and edit all documents in addition to assigned owners. For each document, or item in checklist should have text box to specify deadlines(in days)to be submitted by the owner for the employees workflow once assigned workflow is assigned to the employee. Under clients & employees(formerly clients & workers), under a client, should be able to add employees and update their basic info and then select and assign workflows to them, after which owners will be sent invites to register(if they have not already registered) after which they will be able to login and upload required documents assigned to them. Under each employee then show the workflows assigned with stages, documents, checklists. Then the owners and admin should have the ability to upload the documents, through clients and employees menu. Upload meaning file upload or photo capture. When any document is uploaded should run an ocr and extracts all contents and store them in a database linked to the specific document uploaded. Also have an LLm/ai integrated in app to mark data in extracted data that might be needed later in applications, contracts etc,,. If any personal info from a document is different from the info input when creating the employee, highlight for client to review and choose which info to use as default. When a deadline to upload a document of check an item in a checklist has expired, that document/checklist should be highlighted in red and admin should have ability to push remindere to owners to take action by e-mail. Also add a section where admins clients and workers can see graphically a snapshot of status across stages/documents/checklists, irrespective of who is the owner responsible to complete them in workflows assigned to them in dashboard. The dashboard should have no other info other than this and statistical info.